hi ulki girl today
execute the query very many people
I wondered what was in my place
the fridge and so fridge is mine
here it is
elji mirror we open the holy
saints like this this whole thing looks like
recently been in the store maybe three days
back and so what do i have here upstairs
cost all sorts of mysteries honey a lot i'm very
I love honey
canned champignons and tuna and
oil is awesome with pasta this is mine
pate from already likes to drink tea with
sandwiches and portraits glavprodukt
cool pies very much further here I have
that green sunset creator and creation there
there is such a cool thing understand
Tom I even her
this is an awesome tomato paste i add
in the leopard in all sorts of sauce and
super general spoon enough here and again
eye on the second shelf offended me and
yon and tomorrow I will do with the oldest
I also have a cheese here for
soup for soup examined
Mushrooms further I have here very
love the brand of yogurt but it
the only brand that I trust in
Russia is kefir one percent further I
really want to be obsessed with cottage cheese
40s a lot of this is the most
cool he generally low-calorie
low-fat cottage cheese
I always Shura I have very fond
here is here homemade smoked sausage
but still sealed here such a spike
and vagina well, of course
smoked sausage there lies butter
I have so much yogurt cream
it's literally over
of the day, me and Shurik are worth more
granulated cottage cheese too Prostokvashino
sour cream two cans
the fact that a jar with aj sits one jar
we go with the infection, I consume very much
many eggs and just like shurik here such
Eggs summer cool and here I have too
worth eggs here Sydney made an omelet
2 4 6 eggs already used like this further
love
there is a solid cabbage there further
lemon in any not fine-grained milk
we also use a lot of milk when
kefir here bitch pepper is tasteless here
get lost us barney from scratch eats barney
and most importantly suflet to my very
favorite this here it lies with me
tomatoes cucumbers lemon kiwi pomegranate
tangerines
jar and cabbage onions and there further
carrot is all eat and so in this
here is the door I have condensed milk
soy sauce juice vinegar here like all people
we eat and in with kate soups all sorts
ketchup and mustard horseradish ryazhenka my
favorite and on top there eggs are creamy
oil and so close this door
open the second camera
what lies with me here here we are nothing
does not lay the foundation here faith freeze
and ice cream to him since we get sick
ice cream in yes oh no and so to me
will be here then fish fish
I have fish further copper frozen
meat
and here are the little frozen ones
Stuffed pike I really like imaginary
them freezes them then formats does
i have a fish here i have
chicken and as you can see a bunch of butter and
margarine
because i bake here i lie
me collected frozen 2 points
chanterelles gather constantly freeze
nyashki later in the winter and here I lie
berries I picked blueberries here
left and black currant so here
my fridge looks like i won't say that
we eat healthy food but everyone
happy all bye